---
author: links/addison-feedback
date: 2021-12-03
styles:
  style: solarized-dark
---

# Discussion 14

Today:
* Review

Announcements:
* A+ Form due 12/10 (next Friday)
* Review sections next week
* Please consider filling out my feedback form (go/addison-feedback) one last time after today's discussion! I'd love your honest feedback about the semester.
* Decal I'm teaching: https://links.cs198.org/interest

Come up and grab worksheets + chocolate! This is our final discussion :'(

---

# Let's do review problems!

1. Warmup: Q1
2. Q5 Repeated
3. Q6 Nondecreaselist
4. Q8 BNF
5. Q9+10 SQL

---

# Some Last Words

* Thanks a million times for choosing to stick with my discussion + for coming every week! I think we had one of the highest attendance rates, and it's probably especially surprising considering it's an 8AM. Thank you all!
* At Berkeley, the value of coming here isn't just purely for your education! There's immense value in surrounding yourselves with the brightest people of your time!
* Stay curious! I said this at the beginning of the semester, but perhaps we all forgot it already: Learn to be okay with making mistakes! Learning why something _doesn't work_ teaches you so much more than why something _works_.
* An analogy: If we model knowledge explored as digging through the ground, education is like digging a semisphere-shaped hole in the ground, whereas self-learning is a meandering tunnel. To be productive, it's useful to have both a solid foundation as well as domain-specific knowledge that comes in handy at random times!
